[**Go to TOC**](https://github.com/VictorVG/PH/wiki)
***

## Plug-ins: install default locations.

All Process Hacker files must be placed in to tree according in to this list (by default otherwise their location is not allowed and will result in errors when the program starts (plugin search path is fixed, any subdirectories are ignored)):

* %LOCALAPPDATA%\Process Hacker\GeoLite2-Country.mmdb - installed as external file (location in some dir then Setup) or download use Network Tools v1.80 (for Process Hacker v3.0.0.268 or newer) plug-in.

**Notes:**

_All paths are relative to the root of the Process Hacker installation._

* capslist.txt
* dbgcore.dll - latest version and same bitness as ProcessHacker.exe
* kprocesshacker.sys
* peview.exe
* ProcessHacker.exe
* CHANGELOG.txt - replaced by Git log in to [**Git-9858e936db**](https://github.com/processhacker/processhacker/commit/9858e936dbafd740e0057a65a4e1b1057d865fd5)
* COPYRIGHT.txt
* LICENSE.txt
* README.md

* x86\dbgcore.dll - same as x64 version, but x86 for x64 edition only
* x86\ProcessHacker.exe - only for x64 edition copy to this folder x86 EXE
* x86\plugins\DotNetTools.dll - only for x64 edition copy to this folder x86 DLL
* x86\plugins\ExtendedTools.dll - only for x64 edition copy to this folder x86 DLL

* plugins\plugindata\kprocesshacker2_x32.sys - only for x86 OS, required for TerminatorPlugin
* plugins\plugindata\kprocesshacker2_x64.sys - only for x64 OS, required for TerminatorPlugin
* plugins\ - all plug-ins can located here (*.dll)

* plugins\AtomTablePlugin.dll
* plugins\AvgCpuPlugin.dll
* plugins\DbgViewPlugin.dll
* plugins\DnsCachePlugin.dll
* plugins\DotNetTools.dll
* plugins\DpiAwarenessExtPlugin.dll
* plugins\ExtendedNotifications.dll
* plugins\ExtendedServices.dll
* plugins\ExtendedTools.dll
* plugins\FirewallMonitorPlugin.dll - for Windows 8.1 - 10
* plugins\FirmwarePlugin.dll
* plugins\ForceShutdownPlugin.dll
* plugins\HardwareDevices.dll
* plugins\LiveDumpPlugin.dll - only for Windows 10
* plugins\MemoryExtPlugin.dll - only for Windows 10
* plugins\NetworkTools.dll
* plugins\NvGpuPlugin.dll
* plugins\ObjectManagerPlugin.dll
* plugins\OnlineChecks.dll
* plugins\PerfMonPlugin.dll
* plugins\PoolMonPlugin.dll
* plugins\ProductPolicyPlugin.dll
* plugins\ROTViewerPlugin.dll
* plugins\SecurityExplorer.dll
* plugins\ServiceBackupRestorePlugin.dll
* plugins\SetCriticalPlugin.dll
* plugins\TaskbarExtPlugin.dll
* plugins\TerminatorPlugin.dll - require SeDebugPrivilege
* plugins\ToolStatus.dll
* plugins\TrustedInstallerPlugin.dll
* plugins\Updater.dll
* plugins\UserNotes.dll
* plugins\WaitChainPlugin.dll
* plugins\WindowExplorer.dll

**Deleted plug-ins:**

* BootEntriesPlugin.dll - then replaced FirmwarePlugin.dll
* CommonUtil.dll - deleted in to v3.0.5411.884
* ExtraPlugins.dll - deleted in to v3.0.5585.1058 then not longer needed
* HexPidPlugin.dll - deleted in to v3.0.6628.2101 then not longer needed
* NetExtrasPlugin.dll - then NetworkTools.dll v1.8 already included custom Tracert, Ping, WhoIs and Country column support and this plug-in is don't needed.
* SbieSupport.dll - disabled in v3.0.6509.1982 Git-f0b96b18 (see Issues [**#233**](https://github.com/processhacker/processhacker/issues/233) - _SBIE2035: Out of memory_)

**Also deleted:**

* GeoLite2-City.mmdb - replaced on GeoLite2-Country.mmdb in v3.0(r357)
* plugins\kph2 - dir then driver kprocesshacker2_x*.sys moved to
* plugins\plugindata - (v3.0(r400) Plugins-Extra Git-d3848f8155).

**Notes:**

1. If You on system don't installed Debugging Tools for Windows (Debuggers And Tools) and You don't like install this just copy dbghelp.dll located in to DLL dir (see DLL\readme.txt for details and installation instructions).
2. Old plug-ins is not compatible on PH v3.0 and required update.

**Search Path Used by Windows to Locate a DLL (source - MSDN)**

_With both implicit and explicit linking, Windows first searches for "known DLLs", such as Kernel32.dll and User32.dll. Windows then searches for the DLL's in the following sequence:_

1. The directory where the executable module for the current process is located.
2. The current directory.
3. The Windows system directory. The GetSystemDirectory function retrieves the path of this directory.
4. The Windows directory. The GetWindowsDirectory function retrieves the path of this directory.
5. The directories listed in the PATH environment variable.

_The **LIBPATH** environment variable is not used._

**NOTES!**

* All used plug-ins required update and rebuild use Process Hacker SDK v3.0.5411.884 or letter.
* Any old plug-ins are not compatible with new versions of Process Hacker, and their use will lead to a crash of his completing the task.
* Security Explorer plugin can cause crashes Process Hacker on Windows 10, so the OS is recommended to disable it. If you are using Windows 8.x and you have problems caused by plug-in Security Explorer, open the Hacker menu - Plugins …, locate the Security Explorer plug-ins list and click the Disabled button and then to apply the changes in the settings restart Process Hacker.
* You can also disable any other plug-in, but disable plug-ins is recommended only if the plug-in is causing problems.
* Terminator plugin is designed exclusively for the crash of the processes and threads that can not be completed in the normal way, but you must remember that the abnormal termination of the process (thread) treated their data is not stored that can lead to unpredictable errors in the work of others beyond their processes (threads ).

***
[**Go to TOC**](https://github.com/VictorVG/PH/wiki)