[**Go to TOC**](https://github.com/VictorVG/PH/wiki)
***

## Turn off "Failed to load the kernel driver signature" messages.

In some cases, you can observe the system message _Failed to load the kernel driver signature_ which indicates that the executable files are not signed by the same paid developer certificate that the driver is signed to, but this does not interfere with the program.

For turn off this messages, you need to perform a few simple operations:

1. In the copy of the Process Hacker that displays this message sets the _SecurityLevel_ security parameter of the driver according to the instructions in step _KProcessHacker_ of the README.md file.
2. Open the Process Hacker settings editor in to menu _Hacker - Options..._ and check the _Advanced_ checkbox (by default is cleared), then open Advanced menu item (by default is hidden and for temporary show this menu item Your needed turn on Advanced checkbox), then open it and change the _EnableKPHWarnings_ parameter value from 1 (default) to 0 . Then click _Close_ button to apply the changes.

This window will not appear any more.

**Customized security level:**

Kernel mode driver KProcessHacker has four security level parameter store in to "SecurityLevel" (Reg_Dword) value whats needed for check Process Hacker binary signature and user privileges:

>     00000000 - None, all clients are allowed, no security, recomended for non official build
>     00000001 - Privilege Check, require SeDebugPrivilege
>     00000002 - SignatureCheck, require trusted signature
>     00000003 - Signature and Privilege Check, require trusted signature and SeDebugPrivilege. This is maximum security level.

_By default parameters "SecurityLevel" is set to hight security level - 2._

**Notes:**

After change security level driver KProcessHacker needed restart for apply new setting. Your can use console command (logon as Administrator and SeDebugPrivilege required): 

`sc stop KProcessHacker3`, than wait some seconds and run next command `sc query KProcessHacker3` and see answer in to "STATUS" string - if "STATUS" is _STOP_PENDING_ than OS reboot required, else run last command `sc start KProcessHacker3`.

 
***
[**Go to TOC**](https://github.com/VictorVG/PH/wiki)